Everyone Kani city byte this time I should aim to take sales videos I think I want to go bgm
After all I will put a Kakigaki
8 It is the enemy 's video that I and I have finished
m We will use the co-op decided on the experience Experience going in 2012
The good here with you I'm I Atochotto Uwake here had arrived today, such as say
Thank you for playing
We'll have you know
Here we arrived today but here is not if Ke Chin because it clogged the regular
right
Te eh have than it is here akb is here also decided it is full I thought after the
I can do it
Enter 4
Precure Donors Remaining
I 'd like to take out the cake I'm buying, but I'm always looking at mini for today A little bit
I'm taking it in a different place, but for some reason I am with me 2
Does not Qingtian other
Sepun to Fukuchi
A little buried but is Tan doing it or diapers maple do
Print 0 or is too clutter not take shit
A little teaching of everyone
I do not like it because the place is different
It is a place where the cmos list and a lot of light hit after melting the reflection
I think it's the exact opposite of the hearing party
Good west a little light
I'm getting angry
Whether and it is Nan and thanks
It may have happened
I love and a little this of mouth It is here does not come
Sentence that we want to turn to offer temporarily
I can not contact you for a while
It was born of the things that is stuck share it all the way
it here at the venue here is the web
I would like Kuchakonto
It would come in okay at Well Comp seen to say that But I'm pretty Yoshi now
It is normal'm Jean
The rock-paper-scissors-related Gachotto quite
A good love of a little rock-paper-scissors Akiko rate to wrap the other that pretty hope
Since there is a portion that is visible high a little Yes guy pulled enhanced
Although Psycho is a little without kimono Torre or fellow went a little all Bisen
I asked for my decision
If you can enter
Hey you I have gone Yeah Reparudojamu Well I is this scene
the photo
Overpainting is not like feeling over winter
Wonder if good or say
It will change during the 200 load coming out and update system
Well Sakuragi of Tower Records hmv
5 hmv low items
Much wonder if the stars and Re' child
Set the Shinseido still electric ones head to the optimism of the zodiac Ema Ri of Tabare Tsu child Gil seen over 5 Tower Records
It is a tell record of Les Nethers , but here
I tried to add sweetness, so I tried sweetly
To say 8 to the gills with
What a nice
Well I'd say to Tokyo is impossible pile Kojiharu was decided tentatively
Yes
Te Well here a Yeah pressure
It's 8 theater versions , so it's all taken in 2 sessions .
Please, hey hey wait even songs
Oh
It Is Anjin I'd bought before movies set
One of the Te' say to these
Bulk also know for the time being like this
hoping
It is not Truly sorry but I might want to help bulbul
Please think Sukebu to have been told I'm not somewhere locations Why
Low floor
Then I think this
Hmmm
Although referred to as a hand-held also provides a house but is what Qi care
Have a little become good about the ne thing is you can Yeah cam
I ask by a feeling when I who also seaplane Mars
Here it is with a little I'd difficult turned into while this evaluation will
It is not this that I can not give up
It is 10 million yen this comp
Here you will Comp in from the machine Motton I think that here can
We can not provide here Well we hope 2 laps in I
Thank you Nde quite have the heat-star is two teams do surprise but this is a little Teikyo three
Soka
I'm lost now
I think if you can tell Ide of the sign
No better than this
It 's time to break up
I would like to call this group halfway and yellow ones
Wintering in
Which one you are hoping is from Petkin Mokusei
3 of Truly that influence auditors found a pin Tsutoki
In I think I want to take ultra-slowly
I wanted that regardless of the web hall
Maybe this
I think I think that this component not a
Fenn
Please take a look at it as it will be taken slowly
I'm sorry if I have trouble
It looks a lot like Toka but I hate it
Please check
feel freecom
What can be impatient little I feel that I say I wonder if you try to
I ask when I who I put out the road myself is this
If there is a part of the illusion Kimo who wants to end, is it a comment or a message?
I wish your contact but it is going to facing such as melon Nyan in Ephesians
Here hope I would like to end expenses clear
It was
Thank you for watching and feel free to ask you say you want to tentatively say based on a photograph